T-Blade3 VERSION 1.2 BUILDING GUIDE


1. PREREQUISITES

Obtaining and running T-Blade3 depends on the following

git
Fortran
    Tested with: GFortran 6.0+
GNU Make

Additionally for building the test suite on non-Windows systems,
the following is needed

pFUnit (pfunit.sourceforge.net)

2. OBTAINING T-BLADE3

The best way to obtain T-Blade3 is to clone the git repository from
GitHub as follows:

git clone https://github.com/GTSL-UC/T-Blade3.git

This will create the directory T-Blade3 in the current working 
directory.

3. DIRECTORY CONTENTS

In the top level of the T-Blade3 directory are the following files

README - This file.

Copyright.txt - Contains information pertaining to the use and
                distribution of T-Blade3

License.txt - T-Blade3 license information

GitHub.address - Contains the address of the GitHub page with
                 the T-Blade3 git repository

Makefile - Master makefile for compiling T-Blade3/test suite/ESP UDPs

documentation - Subdirectory which contains additional documentation
                for T-Blade3

source - Source code for T-Blade3 and ESP UDPs (also contains
         sub makefiles for T-Blade3 and ESP)

tests - Subdirectory which contains unit tests for T-Blade3 (also
        contains sub makefile for the test suite)

inputs - Contains example cases for T-Blade3

4. BUILDING T-BLADE3

a. Change to the directory into which T-Blade3 has been placed
b. To build T-Blade3, execute make
    $ make
c. The source directory now contains object files and Fortran
   module files
d. The executables are generated in a bin directory one level
   above the source directory

4.1. TESTING

Additionally, to build and run the T-Blade3 test suite, run
    $ make tests

This requires a serial installation of pFUnit with $PFUNIT
being defined as
    $ export PFUNIT=/path/to/pfunit/serial/install

4.2. CLEANING

Run the following command to remove object files, module files
and the T-Blade3 binaries (from the top level directory):
    $ make clean
